refactor: prioritize code-based config over env vars in OTLP exporter (#2827)
open-telemetry/opentelemetry-rust: opentelemetry-otlp/CHANGELOG.md

 `Error` which contained many variants unrelated to building an exporter, the
 new one returns specific variants applicable to building an exporter. Some
 variants might be applicable only on select features.

> - *Breaking* `ExportConfig`'s `timeout` field is now optional, and the order of

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- **Breaking** `ExportConfig`'s `timeout` field is now optional(`Option<Duration>`)
- **Breaking** Configuration done via code is final. ENV variables cannot be used to override the code config. Do not use code based config, if there is desire to control the settings via ENV variables.
 List of ENV variables and corresponding setting being affected by this change.
```

Wording suggestion to make it easy to spot the changes from changelog.
